Ye Qi Luo,
what are you trying to do?
I...
Are you trying to k.i.l.l me?
Already can't handle this?
I was even wilder abroad
What do you mean?
You don’t understand the game of mother and child?
When people face d.e.a.t.h
They experience ultimate p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e
The closer to d.e.a.t.h, the more blissful it feels
Who would have thought the dignified heiress
of the Xiang Jie Group’s chairman
would have such a fetish
Clean up quickly after bathing
We’ll play slowly later
What are you doing?
I can't wait for later
Ye Qi Luo,
I’m a man
Aren’t you filming the show anymore?
Hey
The number you have dialed is currently unavailable
It’s almost time to shoot
Where’s Duan Xiao Jian?
Might be stuck in traffic
I’ll give him a push
Hurry up
What now?
Still can’t reach Ms. Ye
What exactly is going on?
Didn’t you say
you already invited someone?
I...
Why are you just standing there?
Go find someone, quick!
Xiao Jian,
calm down a bit
We’ll do it again tonight
There’s really something going on
Xiao Jian
Ms. Ye,
are you trying to have fun with me?
There’s still one hour left
Let’s go all out quickly